Now that we have all the comments laid out,
we are ready to start putting the code together for a supply chains not contract.
In this video, we will focus on some of
the more basic features of a contract to get started.
Specifically, we will create our contract, declare, the variables,
set on mapping, and create a struct to store the item details.
So, in the top, we have the pragma line,
and then we have the keyword contract,
followed by name of the contract Lemonade Stand and then curly braces.
Anything that goes within the curly braces is all the information,
which means your variables, your function declarations,
events in mapping, and all the details go inside the two curly braces.
So, on the top, we start by declaring two variables.
So, we have the variable owner and skuCount.
Owner is going to be of type address,
so we're going to have address owner,
and then skuCount is an unsigned integers.
So, that's the reason we use uint for skuCount.
Then we have enum.
Enum like I said again,
a type that you are declaring and then within the curly braces,
you are giving it two values.
Either it can store ForSale or Sold.
So, two different values and this is how you declare enums,
and recalling this enum state.
Again, you can give it any name,
just because it's describes the state an item is in.
So, I'm going to just call it state,
but this could be any single,
any information or any name that you want to give it to. Then we have the struct.
Now, we're calling the struct item,
like I said, again structs are user-defined types.
We're going to call this struct item.
Within the struct, we will define the fields that we want to track with the contract,
or for each of the item that we want to drop in this contract.
So, our item will be structured into two few different variables including name,
sku, price, state, buyer, and seller.
The first thing that we will do is set the name to be a string.
Then we will set this sku to be a uint.
The price can also be uint,
since because it is not going to be negative money.
So, that's a uint again.
The state can be set to the state,
this is an enum type that can hold values either ForSale or Sold.
The seller is going to be identified by wallet address,
so we can set the seller to be of type address.
Finally, the same thing also applies to the buyer,
which is again of type address.
Next, we will have our mapping.
So, this is again to map the sku number to this specific item.
The syntax of the mapping looks just like this,
you start with the keyword mapping.
Then in brackets, you telling what do what.
So, in this type, it's the type to item.
So, like before, it's an sku,
so we can just give it new int value.
So, in mapping this sku,
which is of type uint to that specific item,
and then we're calling this mapping items.
Then of course we will see later on how to access mappings.
So, again mapping really makes it easy for us to look up an item using the sku number.
So, if we give this sku number,
we can get all the details of that specific item,
not a member item is a struct.
So, it's going to once you give a sku number,
you can get all this information back for that specific item.
So, this is what we will use in our fetch items function later on that we see.
All right, great. So, we have made some good progress on a contract in this video,
we wrote the contract,
the variables, the mapping,
the state, and the struct.
Now, that's a good start, but of course we will
need to create the modifiers and functions.
We will take a break for now.
If you're feeling a little shaky on the details,
you can use a solidarity documentation to
help clarify any of the major topics we just covered here.
When you're ready, I will see in the next section.
We will start by declaring the events.